Master, listen to me explain to you
I really have a hard time master shut up
Ah ah let me go
Don't come here
What do you want?
Can't you really see my feelings for you?
Xue Zhilong, I have been an orphan since I was a child
After being adopted by you, it has been raised in Genting Tiangong
We were childhood sweethearts.
Growing up together
I don't know when you
What are these women?
What lady next door big star
What golden armor?
Hahaha, I love you.
Why should they compare with me?
Enough, you really don't know your place
From small to large
What kind of woman have I never seen around you?
A few years ago, you insisted on reporting the favor of the Lin family
Even if you want to marry Li Mengdi
But now a child this big has come out.
What is the ups and downs I have experienced with you?
Aren't you divorced from Li Mengdi now?
Now your wife
Isn't she the sixth miss of Shangjing Jin's family?
What do you like about her?
Is it beautiful?
Then I'll ruin her face
I admit that Jin Ruoxi and I are just playing